welcome to topcast and to Science News
number two I do one of these a few
months ago it was focused on a single
topic population three stars scroll back
through my videos on my podcast to find
that this one is going to be a little
more diverse they're still with a
physics astronomy type Focus there's a
lot of people out there doing science
type news these days but to my mind no
matter how expert the presenter there
might be ex-physicists or even existing
professors professional scientists very
few seem all that concerned about
epistemology which means they're either
too credulous which means too ready to
believe the latest claim to come out of
a lab to be actually true or at the
Other Extreme they're too skeptical
wedded to some already existing
hypothesis of theirs and unable to
accept reality because well they just
can't believe it it's all couched in
terms of what they can and can't believe
and that's no standard for knowledge
it's certainly no standard for science
there's the modern equivalent of those
who believed pawns and fleischmen in
1989 had achieved room temperature
Fusion in their lab or perhaps today
endorse those reports of government
employees whose testimony
attest to the housing of alien
spacecraft and indeed
specimens of alien life the US military
has in certain installations
so you've got that at one end the people
who are credulous and believing and at
the other end those who still say for
example quantum computers will never be
possible or we didn't go to the Moon
these are all extreme versions of the
same error that the strength of your
personal conviction in matters of
science is what determines or has some
bearing upon whether or not some Theory
actually explains what is going on or
not the alternative is whether we should
wait for the crucial evidence to be
collected or The crucial proof to be
demonstrated but you know not every
failure of human thinking on these
topics mistakes and errors in other
words are quite of the magnitude of
those I've just mentioned some are more
subtle but it's always an everywhere a
consequence of the wrong epistemology
thinking either that accumulating more
evidence will make you more confident or
should increase your confidence or that
reality must conform to your own
pre-existing prejudices even if you call
that prejudice common sense so here with
top cast science news for one to another
title for these sporadic episodic
chapters
we try to set the record straight with
what we know
what's a problem and what the purpose of
evidence is
as I like to say scientists even
professional ones no more need to
understand the intricate details of the
process by which science creates
knowledge the function of evidence let's
say then the pilot needs to understand
precisely how the jet engines work
all scientists agree that evidence is
required or at least most of them do
most of the time modulo certain
theoretical physicists working in some
areas but most scientists don't need to
know the precise details of how the
evidence Works what the function of it
is although they should any more than a
pilot needs to understand exactly how
gen engines work
it'll be preferable if your piloting you
precisely how the jet engines work and
how the scientists NF scientists knew
precisely what the function of evidence
was but reality is
they don't most Pilots might have spent
years getting up their flying hours and
studying theoretical aspects of jet
engines but they're really getting their
hands greasy with oil as they tighten
screws on the turbines we're looking at
whether or not there are screws on these
turbines so to speak and how loose they
are that's our purpose here with this
science news we want to know whether or
not the plane's able to fly emblematic
of all this is going to be my news item
number one it's been a perennial source
of headlines and hot takes for decades
now
dark matter
so let's get into it well first let's
recall a little bit of background dark
matter is the name of a problem not a
solution
it's not a theory or an explanation
certainly not a good explanation in
deutsche's sense the papyrian worldview
it's an easy to vary hypothesis by which
I mean well there are lots of different
models of dark matter that might fill
the bill and none of them so far have
actually been able to solve the problem
that we have and so it's just called
Dark Matter to label a problem the first
of these problems that arose that cause
people to go aha Dark Matter were
observations of the rotation of spiral
galaxies
they were rotating too fast
you can measure the rate of rotation of
a galaxy when they are aligned just so
in the right way with Earth when you're
observing them through telescopes and
using spectroscopes so that when you see
them at just the right angle you can
measure the redshift of the side of the
Galaxy that's receding from you it's
moving away from you and against the
other side of the Galaxy which is
comparatively moving towards you it has
a relatively speaking blue shift
and that tells you the right of rotation
you know a redshift in One Direction
blue shift in the other direction take
account of those and you can see how
fast the thing is spinning
and what's been found systematically in
other words in all galaxies that have
been studied was that they're rotating
too fast then when you try to apply
regular theories of gravity to those
galaxies they make a prediction given
the amount of mass in the Galaxy how
fast should the objects in that Galaxy
be moving more massive systems rotate
faster the earth goes around the Sun as
fast as it does because of the mass of
the Sun at least 99.99 of the
explanation of as to why the Earth
travels as fast it does well it takes
365 days no more no less to go around
the Sun is because of the mass of the
Sun if you increased the mass of the Sun
then the year would get shorter and
shorter so instead of 365 days you'd
have 360 days 200 days 100 days name
your number there would be a mass of the
Sun that would determine the rate at
which the Earth orbit it at this
particular distance 150 million
kilometers from the Sun this is also by
the way if you replace the Sun as you
know the all-powerful Oracle or God or
simulator whatever you want if you were
to replace our sun with a black hole of
the same mass as the sun we would not
get sucked in that's a common
misconception we just continue happily
orbiting the Sun at the same distance
forevermore perhaps not happily because
we'd be gradually or rather rapidly
freezing to death
Because unless we figure out a way to
harness the geothermal energy from the
core of the earth long enough to get us
off this planet Well we'd be stuck here
until the last of us freeze to death
there's a science fiction plot line for
you you're welcome
so news right now with respect to all of
this stuff dark matter I should say is
that there have been binary Stars
recently observed here's the paper
they seem to be orbiting in a way so it
is said consistent not with the
prevailing view of gravity general
relativity but rather with Monde m-o-n-d
modified Newtonian Dynamics
this is a theory I say theory in scare
quotes that has been around for decades
now I had a look into it when I was at
University it crops up now and again it
is an instrumentalist idea the thing is
thousands of astronomers are at work
every day publishing observations of all
manner of things
astronomy is hard not least because
although we get better and better all
the time at making Precision
measurements we're still looking at the
most distant objects imaginable with
tools that have tolerances
telescopes with a limit of reading and
spectroscopes with errors Associated and
people interpreting all of this stuff
here's a possibility regarding this
particular claim that this binary system
is Con is consistent with modified
Newtonian Dynamics it is a okay for now
let's just say a theory that is
different to Newton's theory of gravity
different to the theory of general
relativity and it's just a an equation
that predicts how planets orbit the Sun
or in particular how galaxies rotate is
the most important thing
anyway this paper says that the
observations of this binary system are
consistent with Mod consistent with the
equation that predicts the movement of
these objects when they're orbiting Each
Other Well consistent with says nothing
about the truth or otherwise of that
theory of course
it could be experimental error due to
instrumentation calibration or plain old
scientific error by a scientist this is
a single author after all but some
popularizers are making a big deal about
this rather minor study some popularized
so let's say might have a barrow to push
when it comes to mind and for whatever
reason are emotionally attached to
the ID that dark matter can't possibly
be an explanation
well this is kind of strange when you
become wedded to particular ideas you
become emotionally engaged in defending
or attacking which shouldn't be the way
the science proceeds
if we've got
thousands of astronomers publishing
hundreds of Articles each week and I'm
not just making that number up that is
the number you get from the archive
reports you can ask chat GPC as well how
many papers are published in astronomy
every single week it's somewhere between
200 and 300. we should expect this just
on the numbers to have situations arise
where observations are going to be
published that some of which are
consistent with so-called modified
Newtonian Dynamics and some of which are
not consistent with modified Newtonian
Dynamics that's just the way the numbers
will fall you're going to get a spread
of data not all all of which is going to
be accurate after all it's all just
observations and observations are
difficult to interpret at times
anyways what is this mondified Newtonian
Dynamics and do these new observations
lend Credence to the idea that Monde is
a good explanation Mond is essentially
an equation that's it
an equation that seeks to modify
Newtonian Dynamics but should be telling
after all the theory of gravity is
general relativity not Newtonian
Dynamics we've known for a long time
that the Newton's explanation of gravity
as being a force
has been shown to be incorrect proven
Wrong by the Eddington experiment
however you will also have cosmologists
and scientists who are interested in
defending modified nutrition Dynamics to
say well you know it can also be used to
replace general relativity
but the thing is it is purely predictive
it's there only to predict the behavior
of
bodies in orbit like the stars in a
spiral galaxy or binary stars in a pair
they can't explain all of the Dark
Matter phenomena
it can't explain for example why Galaxy
clusters move the way they do or the
galaxies in those Galaxy clusters move
the way they do can't account for that
we have a problem for which Mond is no
actual solution because it's not an
explanation what mon is is
instrumentalist
in other words it exists purely to
predict what is going to happen but
fails to explain why
what is the physical mechanism where my
mind works
gravity becomes weaker according to
Monde then general relativity says it
should
okay but why
no explanation is given this is what we
call an ad hoc explanation
explanation and scare quotes there
because we have far more questions now
than answers
we might solve kind of predicting the
behavior of many things where objects
are deviating from general relativity
but we don't explain why they're
deviating from general relativity
do we have as general relativity says a
curved space-time governed by a tensor
equation or not
why is space-time behaving in the way
that Mond says it does
this is rather like asserting
the prevailing view general relativity
holds everywhere at all times except in
those places where there appears to be a
problem in which case mon holds
but doesn't explain why
better to say
we just can't explain these observations
right now we don't know what it is but
according to the prevailing view the
reason why objects orbit at the rate
that they do is because of the mass of
those objects
the prevailing view predicts there
should be more mass there so we're
looking for the mass so we'll call it
dark matter it could always be the case
that our theory of gravity is wrong yes
but the new theory of gravity is not
moaned it's just an instrumentalist ad
hoc prediction
it's not explanatory because it doesn't
tell us anything about what really
exists and why and how it behaves is it
space time and its curvature that is
being changed by this Mond thing or is
it a force in the way that Newton
explained and does that act
instantaneously so
these observations of this binary star
system are not evidence for Monde even
if consistent with it
certain other studies are not evidence
against Mond after all what can that
mean evidence against what theory and
equation all we have here are a set of
problems problematic observations that
don't seem to fit with what the existing
explanation predicts
okay that's science I'd say Monde is
itself also a problem exacerbating
things not making things any simpler
some Studies have breathlessly claimed
that their data support mod at the 10
Sigma level others say they rule it out
the 16th Sigma level of confidence by
the way five or six Sigma confidence is
the highest you know 99.9999 percent
sure that we're correct or sure that it
is this thing and not something else so
at the moment they've got two competing
teams of people both claiming super high
degrees of confidence that Mond is
correct on the one hand and incorrect on
the other it's all a big mess it's a
problem
like I mean the whole thing not just Mom
Dark Matter remains a big problem and
quoting therefore statistical confidence
levels for and against explanations that
aren't explanations but ad hoc
instrumentalist equations won't change
that it won't fix the problem with
general relativity if there is one or
those observations of galaxies rotating
too fast we need to know why not just
that they will rotate at this particular
velocity or not so if I haven't labored
the point enough now
what we've got at the moment with
respect to Dark Matter are anomalous
observations
and and otherwise
good explanation general relativity
problems are bound to arise when we
observe the universe that's how science
and astronomy in particular works
almost all observations ever made
anywhere in astronomy are consistent
with general relativity indeed not just
consistent with explained by general
relativity but some smaller number are
problematic
why experimental error experimental
systematic error misinterpretation of
the data by the community of astronomers
something else
a false theory of gravitation perhaps
pointing to a new explanation not merely
a ad hoc predictive equation perhaps
it's got something to do with the
large-scale interference between
everettian universes
I don't know no one does but we should
expect these situations to arise
problems with existing theories what is
not open to us at the moment is to move
Beyond
we don't know there's no point saying
One Believes In Monde modified Newtonian
Dynamics or not that's utterly
irrelevant it doesn't matter if you
believe in it it doesn't matter if
you're a physics Professor who believes
in mon that lends no Credence to whether
or not mind is correct is Mond
objectively a good explanation
it only seems to account in so far as
account is the right word to use you for
the rotation curves of galaxies
but that's not the only reason we think
in terms of a problem here as I say
whole galaxy clusters do not behave as
we expect given the Luminous Mass within
them and by the way all Mata is Luminous
by which I mean it has some temperature
but some telescope can detect the
wavelength thereof so we can see all the
matter this is the problem with this
dark matter thing if there's matter out
there it's matter that is not emitting
light at any wavelength which is really
really unusual but
we can't rule that out we don't know yet
this is why we say again dark matter
doesn't have a problem it could be that
it could be something else more exotic
still Monde doesn't account for the
motion of Galaxy clusters or any other
problem that dark matter seems to raise
what is gravity according to Mond
is it a force as Newton's Theory says or
the curvature of space-time as
Einstein's theory says denying the
existence of a force well Mond doesn't
say that it's either it's completely
silent on that it's not a theory of that
kind
it's not going to explain gravity and
doesn't purport to completely silent on
that it's it's just an instrumentalist
equation insofar as science is a thing
that explains the world only a
theoretical physicist could get away
with that kind of thing we're not going
to explain gravity we're silent on that
we're just going to tell you what
happens next perhaps in some situations
but not why exactly any reasonably
competent fisherman can tell you when
high tide will be tomorrow because they
can look up a chart perhaps they can
even recall it from memory
perhaps they can give you a set of
equations expressed in terms of
trigonometric ratios something like this
without being able to say why any of it
works or ever referring to the moon or
to gravity I guess according to the
modern philosophy of science this would
make a
a fisherman a theoretical physicist of a
kind as well so this kind of equation
the one that I'm putting up on the
screen now for tidal harmonics
it predicts what happens when the tide
is going to be or rather when the water
level is going to be at a particular
height so you can predict when the
higher tide is going to be in the low
tide it's going to be using this
equation
imagine you were someone who dared ask
why does any of this work does the Sun
have anything to do with this does the
moon irrelevant question you might be
told it does not matter why it works you
need to feel satisfied with the equation
there's no explanation further needed
here but you insist you want the
explanation I don't understand where
does the equation come from
how do tides work here they work like
this and they just point you to the
equation again okay so well there you go
so you know when the water will be so
high but why is it that high and not
higher because the equation says so if
that seems like a silly example it is
the argument that Monde is offering us
and it's apologists as well perhaps
Monde Works in some narrow predictive
sense
but for those of us who want mechanisms
the hows and the wires and the what
exists of the world it does not it's
completely unsatisfactory we want more
than mere predictions of that kind we
need meat on the bones we need some new
Theory to tell us about some new things
that exist and perhaps yet to be found
just like general relativity did with
black holes and gravitational waves what
kind of phenomena of that kind does Mond
bring to the table
well I leave it as an exercise to The
Listener to disappoint themselves with
the answers Story number two the world's
largest and longest ongoing experiment
in diffusion power is making some waves
again but for the wrong reasons in the
Scientific American but you know the
Scientific American is swiftly becoming
like the left-leaning gossip magazine of
the scientific World nevertheless
they're reporting that the largest
Fusion project in the world is over
budget and the researchers there just
aren't producing enough of the goods
here's a telling paragraph let me just
read from this so they're talking about
iter
which is the acronym for International
thermonuclear experimental reactor Iota
also happens to mean the path in Latin
there we go
anyway these Scientific American article
reads in part thus
quote
the plans for Notre daham and other
Gothic Cathedrals for example were of
such Grand scale and intricacy that from
their outset everyone knew their
creation would span Generations no one
president Notre Dame's Beginnings
assumed they'd live to see it finished
ita's designers however did not
initially hold such lofty expectations
for the project instead they fully
believed they'd see it completed within
a couple of decades yet the project is
now entering its third generation of
planning and construction and its
important experiments are at least
another generation away ITA has become
the gothic Cathedral of our time a
beautiful but immensely complex
structure that we pray will help us find
Salvation from our energy and climate
woes end quote
all very pessimistic so we're told the
researchers fully believed then have
solved all these
intricate physics problems within some
decades
well
it should be the case that the investors
shouldn't have cared what they believed
again
science is not about belief or
confidence but creating theories and
testing them correcting errors and the
whole process is completely
unpredictable
we have to escape this mindset of
looking at scientific research as some
kind of return on investment in the main
if we make it big then we do make it
really big but failure is the default
mode things go wrong
we know Fusion is possible countless
trillions of stars manage it every day
without thinking once let alone twice
about us nothing rules out doing it on
Earth as far as We Know
but even if it does we learn along the
way about more powerful lasers and ways
of keeping super high temperature plasma
stable in magnetic fields and who knows
what all that leads to
well in fact we can tell you some of the
things that it leads to let's go to some
of that because it's well worth
lingering over to see that it's not all
wasted all of this time and all of these
billions spent on trying to get Fusion
it's not like we don't learn anything
along the road so here's a little
promotional pamphlet that you know they
produce to say hey we're not just
wasting our time here we're actually
achieving some good stuff let's have a
look at some of this the so-called
spin-offs which people will know from
you know going to the Moon produced
spin-offs technology that
ended up having nothing to do with the
moon but having everything to do with
day-to-day life and useful kinds of
things you find in your own kitchen like
Teflon was discovered when you know
trying to make a heat shield for for for
for re-entry purposes so we've got
military applications here a new way of
launching aircraft from aircraft
carriers there's one thing some people
might not be happy with the fact that
it's being put towards the military I
for 1M industrial use such as the use of
a kind of milliwave thermal analyzer
which helps improve the production of
glass metal and other Industrial
Products so we're told here they've made
progress on superconductivity there's
something very useful indeed if they can
figure out how to make wires from
superconducting Material well we're
going to save a lot of money on
electricity transmission lots of people
are working on this but hey look they're
saying that they've made some progress
indeed they claim they've got the most
compact high power density Cable in the
world there we go this one I really
enjoyed a reading about the miniature
integrated nuclear detection system
let's just read a little bit about this
one the miniature integrated nuclear
detection system was developed by
engineers at the plasma Physics
laboratory while working on
decommissioning the Tokamak Fusion test
reactor so one of the previous
generations of fusion reactor when being
decommissioned they figured this out
after 9 11 its developers realized they
had also come up with a technique to
detect and identify nuclear materials in
real time for Homeland Security
operations for transportation and site
security
Minds is used to scan moving Vehicles
luggage cargo vessels and the like for
specific nuclear signatures associated
with materials employed in radiological
weapons it's an anti-terrorism detection
device this is a fantastic
what price can you put on something like
that I love this this is great next the
compact syncocyclitron
which is used in cancer treatment to
make valuable cancer treatment more
available also developed here while
trying to
generate fusion power okay so you fail
infusion power but so far you're helping
with anti-terrorism and you're treating
cancer more effectively do I need to go
on I won't but they go on with new kinds
of semiconductors for computation and
and and new kinds of polymers and so it
goes I mean
the point here is without me belaboring
it too much it's not all failure we
can't put a price on some of those
things
in all these cases where they've found
something that isn't fusion power
they've identified Avenues to new
Solutions as they've encountered
problems along the way the path is a
Meandering one rather than a straight
line between
goal and achievement the straight line
never eventuates you're always going to
be distracted by this or that other
problem along the way and solving that
problem to reach your final destination
you make progress in places completely
unexpected scientists engaging in things
like Fusion research are doing it
because it's a passion project for the
most part they're having fun with it
they're working hard playing with ideas
and Concepts
now there are other interests at play
with things like fusion power just as
there are with quantum computers the
desire to be first and win and win big
and copyright and all of that stuff but
science and often scientists don't care
quite so much about that yes they want
to be paid and deserve to be paid well
but if they wanted to be billionaires
that have different personalities and
interests and problem situations but
they don't
they do what they want and if you gave
them a billion dollars because they say
they are interested in working on Fusion
they'll continue working on fusion with
that billion dollars rather than going
and doing something else they're going
to take the money because hey they're
working on food that's what they're
doing whether they've got a million
dollars or barely enough to survive or a
billion dollars they're working on
fusion and they expect to fail but
they'll tell you that they hope that
they won't and here's all the reasons
why they expect the thing to succeed
that's their area of expertise they're
hoping to succeed they expect to succeed
because why would they be engaged in
something where they expect to fail
they won't
they wouldn't be so passionate and
having fun trying to solve this stuff
okay so some might make a spurious
promise now and again and they shouldn't
but if you're an investor then it's
incumbent upon you to understand this
part of the philosophy or sociology of
science
we can't predict the growth of knowledge
Fusion physicists experts in the field
are no better than anyone else at
predicting what will be discovered
tomorrow in their own field they are
only experts in what is already known
not what is yet to be discovered
so you can ignore confidence in bravado
invest in people not promises promises
are not proof but people are problem
solvers you won't be so disappointed
investing while using this heuristic
when applied to Pure science because you
won't expect that the solution is just
around the corner you like the
scientists will merely hope for progress
of some kind anywhere at all
one possibility here is yes solving
fusion power and having it ubiquitous
across the world solving all of our
energy problems or finding the universal
quantum computer and building it so that
we've all got a desktop version or the
universal vaccine against all viruses or
whatever it is
but along the way you're going to
discover other things even if you don't
reach your goal
don't believe promises just invest in
people Story three really three mini
stories in one what's the James Webb
Space Telescope mean up to over the last
few months well I'm just picking three
stories at random it's been doing a lot
of interesting stuff first story here is
about NASA's web proves Galaxy's
transformed the early Universe better to
say as the headline writer NASA's web
helps provide evidence to explain
galaxies transform the early universe so
here we have the papyrian view of
problem
evidence solution
the problem here was that after the big
bang the entire universe was extremely
hot
it cooled some initial stars and
galaxies formed and the rest of The
Intergalactic material the clouds of
material that were left out there cooled
to such a point that well just like
fog on a cold wintery morning it becomes
impenetrable difficult to see through
impossible to see through opaque even
and that was the early Universe what
happened then was so-called reionization
the cold material became transparent and
it could be seen through the light could
move through that material that was the
problem why did this reionization occur
well it says here that new data from
NASA's James Webb Space Telescope has
pinpointed the reason
the Galaxy Stars emitted enough light
and heat to ionize the gas around them
clearing our Collective view over
hundreds of millions of years and so
this was the solution this reionization
happened because of these early stars
and early galaxies heating up the fog
and making it transparent this is why
reionization happened story two is doing
quick set of stories here web maps and
fines traces of water in an ultra Hot
Gas Giant's atmosphere so this is one of
these exoplanet systems and one of these
exoplanets 400 light years away
was discovered originally in 2009 wasp
18b it's a it's a it's a huge hot gas
giant 10 times more massive than Jupiter
one of the reasons that it can be seen
actually because
um that's the kind of uh size planet
that is easier to observe of course the
discovery water vapor in the atmosphere
of wasp 18b and this was figured out
because you can do spectroscopy of this
planet as it orbits its star the the
star sends out light the can pass
through the atmosphere which can then be
analyzed by the James Webb Space
Telescope so we can we can detect
chemicals on planets 400 light years
away this is astonishing stuff that the
James Webb Space Telescope can do and
here's another example of where water
has been found well beyond our solar
system on another planet
gas giant admittedly
and also speaking about water something
closer to home web Maps surprisingly
large plume jetting from Saturn's moon
and salatus a water vapor plume from
Saturn's moon insulatus spanning more
than six thousand miles
the distance from Los Angeles to Buenos
Aires has been detected by researchers
using NASA's James Webb Space Telescope
not only is this the first time such a
water emission has been seen over such
an expansive distance but Webb is also
giving scientists a direct look for the
first time at how this emission feeds
the water supply for the entire system
of satin energy drinks so
it's like a volcano erupting water vapor
and this in part is feeding Saturn's own
ring Saturn's own rings and so the Rings
are out there also made of ices and
rocks and where does the ice come from
in part volcanoes on encelotus spewing
water Vape around into the uh the orbit
of the Rings they say insulatus is an
ocean World about four percent the size
of Earth it's only 313 miles across but
one of the most exciting Targets in the
solar system the search for life beyond
the Earth
because between the Moon's icy outer
crust so it's got a solid crust of ice
and it's Rocky core is a reservoir of
salty water so there's energy there
keeping from from the core of the Moon
keeping the water liquid beneath a
protective shield of
of ice
possibly important because Saturn's
going to be putting out a lot of
radiation so who knows if there's life
forms down there important to get a
sample of this if one day we can go
there because maybe it's a kind of life
that is completely separate to the kind
of life that evolved here on Earth sure
it might only be bacterial but it'll be
very interesting to see if it has a
common ancestor with the life that's
here on Earth or if it's completely
different that would be fascinating so
it's it's very interesting to know that
well we've got rich chemicals out there
we've got a moon made of the same sort
of stuff that everything else in the
solar system is made out of in other
words Rocky core and you've got heaps of
water and you've got an energy source
everything apparently that you need if
you want to get life going who knows if
there are fish out there I doubt it but
I wouldn't be surprised if there's not
something akin to bacteria out there
well yet to find out as it is we don't
know yet it's just an interesting
tantalizing possibility that'll do for
today rather narrowly focused on physics
I understand but that's what I do until
next time check out part three of my
discussion of the fabric of reality
chapter 9 quantum computers where we go
over again and into more depth about our
discussion of the discrete and the
continuous among other things given our
understanding of physics and in
particular ever written in quantum
theory until next time bye-bye
[Music]
oh
um